README.md, before:

# HackBU

A student-run organization at Binghamton University created to foster a community of individuals who solve problems through the innovative use of technology.

## Install

In addition to cloning the HackBU repository, you'll need a few things to run HackBU locally:

1. **Ruby** - Jekyll requires the ruby language. If you've got a Mac, you've most likely already got Ruby. If you open up the terminal application, and run the command `ruby --version` you can confirm this. Your Ruby version should begin with `1.9.3` or `2.0.0`. If you've got that, you're all set. Skip to step #2. Otherwise, follow [these instructions](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/) to install Ruby.

2. **Bundler** - Bundler is a package manager that makes versioning Ruby software like Jekyll a heck of a lot easier and is highly recommended if you're going to be building GitHub Pages sites locally. If you don't already have Bunder installed, you can install it by running the command `gem install bundler`.

3. **Jekyll** - Run the command `bundle install` in the project directory to download and install Jekyll. (Try using `sudo bundle install` if you run into problems.)

You can start the Jekyll server with `bundle exec jekyll serve --watch`. See the [Jekyll documentation ](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/home/) for more information.

## Contributing

Making a change to the website? Develop on a new branch and submit a pull request. Here's how it works.

1. Create a new branch with `git branch your_branch`.
2. Checkout the branch with `git checkout your_branch`.
3. Develop on the new branch and commit all changes on that branch.
4. Push the branch to GitHub with `git push origin your_branch`.
5. Submit a pull request through GitHub. [It's easy](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests#initiating-the-pull-request)!

Another developer will review the pull request, leave comments, and decide whether or not to merge.

## Thanks to...

We'd like to thank the people and organizations below for help with HackBU.

* Jonathan Heisler '13 - provided great photos for the website
* HackMcGill - website structure and content inspiration

Commit message:

added section about license to readme

README.md, after:

# HackBU

A student-run organization at Binghamton University created to foster a community of individuals who solve problems through the innovative use of technology.

## Install

In addition to cloning the HackBU repository, you'll need a few things to run HackBU locally:

1. **Ruby** - Jekyll requires the ruby language. If you've got a Mac, you've most likely already got Ruby. If you open up the terminal application, and run the command `ruby --version` you can confirm this. Your Ruby version should begin with `1.9.3` or `2.0.0`. If you've got that, you're all set. Skip to step #2. Otherwise, follow [these instructions](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/) to install Ruby.

2. **Bundler** - Bundler is a package manager that makes versioning Ruby software like Jekyll a heck of a lot easier and is highly recommended if you're going to be building GitHub Pages sites locally. If you don't already have Bunder installed, you can install it by running the command `gem install bundler`.

3. **Jekyll** - Run the command `bundle install` in the project directory to download and install Jekyll. (Try using `sudo bundle install` if you run into problems.)

You can start the Jekyll server with `bundle exec jekyll serve --watch`. See the [Jekyll documentation ](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/home/) for more information.

## Contributing

Making a change to the website? Develop on a new branch and submit a pull request. Here's how it works.

1. Create a new branch with `git branch your_branch`.
2. Checkout the branch with `git checkout your_branch`.
3. Develop on the new branch and commit all changes on that branch.
4. Push the branch to GitHub with `git push origin your_branch`.
5. Submit a pull request through GitHub. [It's easy](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests#initiating-the-pull-request)!

Another developer will review the pull request, leave comments, and decide whether or not to merge.

## License

The contents of this repository are [released under the MIT License](http://hackbu.org/LICENSE). 

Contact [hello@hackbu.org](mailto:hello@hackbu.org) with questions.

## Thanks to...

We'd like to thank the people and organizations below for help with HackBU.

* Jonathan Heisler '13 - provided great photos for the website
* HackMcGill - website structure and content inspiration
